In the last video, we put our central store into place, that's great, it already improves our application.
Now let me show you where this solution starts getting some flaws,
we output the store here in the counter,
now let's add a second file. I'll name it AnotherCounter.vue,
so a second component and generally excuse me, it should be named AnotherResult.vue
and generally, I want to copy the code from result but counter here
shall be this store counter times two,
so I simply multiply it with two. And I want to do the same thing in my other result, multiply it with
two here too,
so I do have a calculation here
now in two different components.
Now if I simply import this new result here too, so the AnotherResult and also add it here, app another
result as a component,
then you will quickly see what the issue is,
so app another result, like this. If I save this, you now see it correctly updates,
that's not the issue.
But we already have the problem that we duplicate our code here,
so in result and another result, we do have the same method here for retrieving our counter,
the additional problem is here we have a very simple calculation,
now what if that became a longer and longer and then we were to use that in multiple components? We would
quickly face the problem that we have duplicated code all over the place and that never is a good sign,
so whilst it works fine here, it does reach its limits in bigger application where we do more with the
state or with the stored state we get here then just output it.
As soon as we start doing some calculations on it, changing it and then do that in multiple components,
this really reaches its limits because then we repeat ourselves too often and it's hard to manage this
because if we do have an error in our calculation, hard to do here but in a more complex calculation,
that is certainly possible.
Well if we do have such an error,
we would have to change it in like 3, 10, 100 files,
not really much fun.
So let's have a look which better solution we may use.